# 6.x.x

## 6.0.5

Hotfix (for those who believe `oc1` platform exists):

- In 2022/6/29, a data migration happened for the `oc1` platform, moving all the data from `americas` region to `sea` region, it is now reflected in Pyot aswell (after almost 2 months because I forgot that `oc1` exists).

## 6.0.4

Improvement:

- Improved documentation syntax and type hints.

## 6.0.3

Hotfix (rare-breaking bug):

- Type error after rate limit returns non-service 429.

## 6.0.2

Hotfix (breaking bug):

- Class `Queue` from `pyot.core.queue` is not properly printing raised exceptions inside workers and causing workers to fail after an exception is raised. Now fixed.

## 6.0.1

Hotfix (non-breaking bug):

- Changed warning action for `PyotResourceWarning` to `default`.

## 6.0.0

Summary:

- Reworked resource management logic, fixing a scary amount of issues and bugs related to ungraceful handling of resources. Warnings and errors such as `unclosed transport ...`, `unclosed <socker._socket ...`, `Event loop is closed`, etc.
- Reworked parts of warning mechanics, warnings are now actual warnings sent using the `warnings` module instead of `logging`.
- Reworked major parts of `pyot.utils` modules, removing unused and over-abstracted codes.
- Support for `aioredis` v2.0, dropping support for `aioredis` v1.3.
- Other general codebase improvements.

New additions:

- Introduces new core resource management module with `pyot.core.resources`, intended to handle graceful acquisition and release of resources used by Pyot, the usage is **recommended but optional**, please refer to **Cores -> Resources**.
- New conf utils function `import_confs` for importing pyot conf files, located at `pyot.conf.utils`. It's a slightly modified version of `importlib.import_module`.
- New functools decorator `async_generator_property`, for decorating an async generator method to a property.
- Most warnings are now sent using `warnings.warn`, new module `pyot.core.warnings` contain all warning classes used by Pyot. Stores log level remains using `logging.log`.
- New module `pyot.utils.aiohttp` with class `SafeClientSession`, intended to fix part of the ungraceful closing of resources by `aiohttp` until the release of `aiohttp>=4.0` (version where aiohttp fixes it themselves).

Breaking changes:

(To obtain the source of removed or before change codes, please search on the github commit history.)

- Removed `pyot.utils.runtime` module, with the new introduced resource management rework, the intended function of the module is no longer needed. To obtain the source code for other uses, please search on the github commit history.
- Removed `pyot.utils.eventloop` module, replaced by the new resource management module, the old 'magic' has proven to be problematic and unreliable. The near-replacement is `ResourceTemplate` -> `EventLoopFactory` and `ResourceManager` remains the same name.
- Renamed multiple internal methods and functions to `_` prefixed as they are not intended to be used publicly, its changes will no longer be documented as they are private. Including but not limited to: 
    - PyotCore internal methods.
    - Stores and Limiters attributes.
- Removed `.pipeline(name: str)` method and `pipeline: str` arguments in request methods from PyotCore instances, it is now replaced with `.using(pipeline_name: str)` method. A typical non-default-pipeline request would now look like `await UnknownPyotCore(param1=param1).using(pipeline_name).get()`.
- PyotCore instances now returns `AttributeError` if `.query()` or `.body()` method is not implemented on its classes.
- Renamed `clean` method in PyotCore to `validate`.
- Removed import hook `PYOT_SETTINGS` on django settings, it has been deprecated since v5, use `PYOT_CONFS` instead.
- Removed module `pyot.utils.parsers`, for functions `to_bytes` and `from_bytes` please use `pickle.dumps` and `pickle.loads` directly. `safejson` is now a module on `pyot.utils.safejson` providing the functions `loads` and `load`.
- Removed module `pyot.utils.runners`, for `loop_run` please use `asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete`, for `thread_run` please use `asyncio.get_event_loop().run_in_executor` (with `functools.partial` if needed).
- Removed module `pyot.utils.time`, use builtin module `timeit` instead.
- Renamed module `pyot.utils.locks` to `pyot.utils.threading`, class `Lock` is renamed to `AsyncLock`, the intended scope of this module is now to store `threading` related utils.
- Renamed multiple functions in modules `pyot.utils.{model}.cdragon` to be more explicit, please review on **Utils** page.
- Renamed `import_class` in `pyot.utils.importlib` to `import_variable` as it intends to import any variable in a module.
- Removed `swapped_dict` in `pyot.utils.itertools`.
- Renamed `Logger` in `pyot.utils.logging` to `LazyLogger`.
- Renamed `snakecase` in `pyot.utils.text` to `snake_case`.
- Renamed `camelcase` in `pyot.utils.text` to `camel_case`.
- Logs formatting changed from `[Trace: ...] ...` to `[pyot.{modules...}:{class}#{optional_tag}] ...`.
- Store instantiation, for stores that accepts `kwargs`, is now on first level as `**kwargs`, e.g. now accepts `"a": "b"` instead of `"kwargs": {"a": "b"}`.
- Stores and limiters depending on `aioredis` now supports `aioredis>=2.0`, due to breaking compatibility, this version will not support `aioredis<=2.0` anymore, the class names remains the **same** and no extra changes required on conf.

The following breaking changes is specific to the PyotCore class `val.Match`, the renamed attributes is to reserve them for the new static asset bridges (much like `lol.Champion`, `lol.Item`, etc.) **to be released in the next versions**.

- Renamed `val.match.MatchInfoData.map_id` to `val.match.MatchInfoData.map_url`.
- Renamed `val.match.MatchPlayerData.player_card` to `val.match.MatchPlayerData.player_card_id`.
- Renamed `val.match.MatchPlayerData.player_title` to `val.match.MatchPlayerData.player_title_id`.
- Renamed `val.match.MatchPlayerEconomyData.weapon` to `val.match.MatchPlayerEconomyData.weapon_id`.
- Renamed `val.match.MatchPlayerEconomyData.armor` to `val.match.MatchPlayerEconomyData.armor_id`.
- Attribute `val.match.MatchPlayerFinishingDamageData.damage_item` will remain unchanged, due to it being agnostic and inconsistent, subject to change.
